Monday May sixteenth 2011 right count
grammar 1202 so come on today's Monday I
was supposed to work this morning but
that job got cancelled last 99 that I've
having the day off which is very nice
give me an opportunity to catch up on
some laundry watch treme and treme and
Game of Thrones on the DVR both great
programs and I'm totally hooked on Game
of Thrones now and I can't wait for next
week's episode but um speaking of HBO
coming to HBO soon I so I found this out
over or last week and I didn't get to
talk about it but Armando Iannucci the
Scottish ethnic Italian comedian and
writer director who did is responsible
for alan partridge and the thick of it
in the film in the loop which I had a
scene that was cut from that was shot
here in DC and I was able to meet
Armando like very different from an
American production where you'd be kept
this far away from the director as
possible they actually introduced me to
him I got to shake his hand and tell him
that I was a fan of his work in
particular violent partridge so and that
was a very cool moment for me like a
longer well okay of all and then a
couple of things I've worked on he was
the guy that I was most excited to me so
um the cool thing is he is going to have
his own original program on HBO entitled
veep starring Julia Louie Dreyfus as the
vice president he had tried to adapt the
thick of it for an American audience or
you know so changing the would have been
like the minister to I don't know what a
senator or maybe a member of a House
committee or something like that so you
have to change the parliamentary system
to the you know our congressional system
and her bicameral you know house but
what have you but um so did the problem
is that he said these are the evens had
a pilot but it was terrible so he
decided to do in a completely different
show which I love I love
because that was the thing about the
optimum the office eventually became its
own show but at the very beginning they
just said and in the same with with
coupling know the office succeeded the
American office succeeded and survived
and became its own thing coupling lasted
like an episode or something because
what they do is it just take the
original British episode and then try to
just um tweak the slightly to make it
work for an American audience and it
just doesn't always work or doesn't work
very well so I'm really excited to hear
that he is doing a completely different
show a new concept and everything that
fits the American political system and
and I think it sounds great on my fans
Julia Louie Dreyfus uh and it's fun ski
is also going to be in the show that's
actually I've found out I was looking up
an excellent ski who was in in the loop
and who I had a chance to act with so
that was cool but when I say act I mean
I get to look at her menacingly as a
bouncer in a club and but that was the
extent of it so I'm but I'm very excited
to see that I don't know what is going
to come out but I will um you know
there's not a whole lot of TV shows I'm
excited for Game of Thrones I was
excited for and now veep by your ma
Armando unity so yeah looking forward to
that but until tomorrow have a good one
and I'll talk to you later